[WHOOSH]
[AUDIO LOGO]
[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> We will begin, as usual,
with the energy field awareness
practice to get a baseline
for your current energy
and consciousness level so that
at the end of the exercise you
can then see how these
changed from the practice.
So please simply close your
eyes for a moment and tune
into the feeling of energy
in and around your body.
What does the energy inside
you feel like right now?
Also, observe your
mind and emotions
to see what state they
are in to begin with.
What is in your thoughts
and in your feeling life?
Now we can begin
the practice, which
needs to be done standing.
Stand up with your feet
shoulder width apart,
your arms out straight to your
sides, and your head held high.
Become aware of the pentagram
created between your head,
your hands, and your feet.
This pentagram holds
the golden proportion.
Begin by placing your awareness
in the center of your chest
at the location of
the heart chakra.
Use the zero-point
centering technique
to move all of your
energy and awareness
into the center of the center of
the center of the heart chakra.
As you move your
attention dynamically
into the epicenter
of the heart chakra,
take a moment to
experience and savor
the vibration, the
warmth, power, light,
and unique flavor of this
powerful energy center.
Become aware of the beautiful
rose light of divine
love, the Mer, which
lives inside your heart.
As you move your
energy and awareness
deeper into the core
of the heart chakra,
you touch its
divine plane center.
Now allow the energy activated
from the divine center
of your heart chakra to
radiate straight upwards,
straight up the middle
pillar of the body,
to stream into your head
to the crown chakra.
Experience the warmth of
the rose light of the heart,
warming your
thoughts, transforming
your consciousness.
Feel the rose light
relaxing and releasing
any tension in your head.
Feel the rose light illuminating
and clearing any blocked areas
in your head or in
your consciousness,
bringing divine
light to dark places.
Feel the divine love, the
Mer, healing your thoughts
and your consciousness.
Feel the warmth of the
rose light of the heart
activate the
opening of the crown
to the divine energy streaming
down into it from above.
This is the flow of heavenly Chi
in the Chinese Taoist tradition
and the streaming in of the
Holy Spirit in Christianity.
Continue streaming rose light
from your heart to your head,
and now release streams of
rose light from the heart,
down your arms,
to your two hands.
Guide this energy by putting
your mind and attention
along the pathways
down the arms.
The rose light
energy of your heart
will follow your mind
power to go to the hands.
Feel the warmth of the
rose light fill your hands,
feeling the rose
light of love flow
into the powerful energy
centers of your palms
and then into the fingers to
the end of the fingertips.
Feel the rose light
warmth activate and heal
the acupuncture meridians,
the currents of life energy
which feed the organs of
your body, which are attached
to your fingertips, including
your large and small intestine,
your lungs, and
your physical heart.
Feel how your heart
activates your hands
as receptors of
light and energy,
experiencing what was
expressed in ancient Egypt
in the receptive form of the
hands in the ka hieroglyph.
Continue streaming the
rose light from your heart
into your head and
into your hands.
Now release streams of
rose light down your body,
down your legs,
into your two feet.
Feel the warmth of the rose
light from your heart stream
into your toes,
energizing and healing
the acupuncture meridians
which feed energy
into your kidneys, your
spleen, urinary bladder, gall
bladder, and your liver.
Now close your eyes, if
they are not closed already,
and feel inside of you the
complete five-pointed seba,
the star of ancient Egypt,
streaming love, the Mer,
from your heart into the five
outer points of your body
and into your entire
etheric body, the ka.
Keeping your eyes closed,
you can drop your arms
to the other side and relax.
Use the energy field awareness
practice once again to tune
into your energy field and ask
yourself the silent question,
how has this practice
structured my body of energy?
How does my energy feel
different after doing
this practice than it
did when I began it?
What is in my mind
and emotions compared
to when I began the practice?
After you feel the
changes this practice has
made to your
energetic structure,
you can open your eyes.
For more complete information
and practices for the six
essential Rosicrucian
spiritual development exercises
which connect to the practice
you just experienced,
please see my online
training course
Essential Teachings
and Practices
of Spiritual Science
at www.vesica.org.
[MUSIC PLAYING]